README.md, before:

# Terraform Modules for GCP GKE

![terratest](https://github.com/Honestbank/terraform-gcp-gke/workflows/terratest/badge.svg?branch=main)
![Terraform GitHub Actions](https://github.com/Honestbank/terraform-gcp-gke/workflows/Terraform%20GitHub%20Actions/badge.svg)

This script/module creates a basic public GKE cluster located in a shared VPC.

## Inputs

* `google_region` - region in which to create resources.
* `zones` - zones to place compute resources in (defaults to `["asia-southeast2-a", "asia-southeast2-b", "asia-southeast2-c"]`).
* `google_project` - project in which to place compute resources (defaults to `test-api-cloud-infrastructure`).
* `google_credentials` - service account with ability to create resources in `google_project`.
* `shared_vpc_host_google_project` - host project of the shared VPC (defaults to `test-api-shared-vpc`).
* `shared_vpc_host_google_credentials` - service account with ability to read/get networks from
  `shared_vpc_host_google_project`
* `stage` - prefix for all resources (defaults to `test`).
* `cluster_purpose` - placed into the cluster's name (defaults to `tf-gke-template`).
* `cluster_number` - a count index suffix for compute resources (defaults to `00`).

**TODO:** Add remaining variables

To run locally,export the following variables:

```bash
export TF_VAR_google_region="asia-southeast2"
export TF_VAR_google_project=
export TF_VAR_google_credentials=
export TF_VAR_shared_vpc_host_google_project=
export TF_VAR_shared_vpc_host_google_credentials=
```

## GCP Project Setup

When preparing a GCP project for a Terraform GKE deployment, ensure the
following APIs/services are enabled:

* GKE
* Cloud Resource Manager
* Compute Engine
* Service Networking

### Networking

This script requires a shared VPC, and assumes that the main project specified by
`google_project` is a 'service project' that is attached to a shared VPC originating
in `shared_vpc_host_google_project`.

Ensure that the secondary IP ranges for Pods and Services in the shared VPC are not used by another
cluster, otherwise this script will time out/fail.

**Network and Subnet Names**

Some assumptions are made regarding the name of the shared VPC network, subnet, and
IP ranges for Pods and Services:

* Shared VPC network name = `<STAGE>-private-vpc` (eg. `test-private-vpc`)
* Shared VPC subnet name = `<STAGE>-private-vpc-subnet` (eg. `test-private-vpc-subnet`)
* Shared VPC subnet Pods IP range name = `<STAGE>-private-vpc-pods` (eg. `test-private-vpc-pods`)
* Shared VPC subnet Services IP range name = `<STAGE>-private-vpc-services` (eg. `test-private-vpc-services`)

### Service Account

The Service Account specified in `google_credentials` requires:

* Role: Project Owner (in main project) - The Service Account used for Terraform operations needs
the Owner role in the project. It might be possible to use the Editor role but
currently using the Editor role returns a 403 error when IAM logWriter Role
permissions are being assigned. Further troubleshooting is needed.

The `shared_vpc_host_google_credentials` Service Account requires the permissions listed below.
It is recommended to create a custom role named `Terraform Shared VPC Role` with ID
`terraform_shared_vpc_host_role` for convenient management:

* `resourcemanager.projects.get`
* `resourcemanager.projects.getIamPolicy`
* `resourcemanager.projects.setIamPolicy`

## Cluster Infrastructure

### Tracing/Telemetry

A Jaeger instance is deployed to the `observability` namespace with an endpoint
accessible at `telemetry-jaeger-operator-jaeger-agent.observability.svc.cluster.local`
with ports `5775/UDP,5778/TCP,6831/UDP,6832/UDP`.

<!-- BEGIN_TF_DOCS -->
## Requirements

| Name | Version |
|------|---------|
| <a name="requirement_terraform"></a> [terraform](#requirement\_terraform) | ~> 1.0 |

## Providers

| Name | Version |
|------|---------|
| <a name="provider_random"></a> [random](#provider\_random) | 3.1.0 |

## Modules

| Name | Source | Version |
|------|--------|---------|
| <a name="module_gke"></a> [gke](#module\_gke) | ./gcp-gke | n/a |

## Resources

| Name | Type |
|------|------|
| [random_id.run_id](https://registry.terraform.io/providers/hashicorp/random/latest/docs/resources/id) | resource |

## Inputs

| Name | Description | Type | Default | Required |
|------|-------------|------|---------|:--------:|
| <a name="input_enable_network_policy"></a> [enable\_network\_policy](#input\_enable\_network\_policy) | This value is passed to network\_policy.enabled and the negative is passed to addons\_config.network\_policy\_config.disabled. This might conflict with Workload Identity - make sure to read https://cloud.google.com/kubernetes-engine/docs/how-to/network-policy#limitations_and_requirements. | `bool` | n/a | yes |
| <a name="input_gke_authenticator_groups_config_domain"></a> [gke\_authenticator\_groups\_config\_domain](#input\_gke\_authenticator\_groups\_config\_domain) | Domain to append to `gke-security-groups` to pass to authenticator\_groups\_config so members of that Google Group can authenticate to the cluster. Pass an empty string to disable. Domain passed here should be in the format of TLD.EXTENSION. | `string` | n/a | yes |
| <a name="input_google_credentials"></a> [google\_credentials](#input\_google\_credentials) | Contents of a JSON keyfile of an account with write access to the project | `any` | n/a | yes |
| <a name="input_google_project"></a> [google\_project](#input\_google\_project) | The GCP project to use for this run | `any` | n/a | yes |
| <a name="input_google_region"></a> [google\_region](#input\_google\_region) | GCP region used to create all resources in this run | `any` | n/a | yes |
| <a name="input_initial_node_count"></a> [initial\_node\_count](#input\_initial\_node\_count) | Initial node count, per-zone for regional clusters. | `any` | n/a | yes |
| <a name="input_machine_type"></a> [machine\_type](#input\_machine\_type) | Machine types to use for the node pool. | `string` | n/a | yes |
| <a name="input_master_authorized_networks_config_cidr_block"></a> [master\_authorized\_networks\_config\_cidr\_block](#input\_master\_authorized\_networks\_config\_cidr\_block) | The IP range allowed to access the control plane, passed to the master\_authorized\_network\_config.cidr\_blocks.cidr\_block field. | `any` | n/a | yes |
| <a name="input_master_ipv4_cidr_block"></a> [master\_ipv4\_cidr\_block](#input\_master\_ipv4\_cidr\_block) | The IP range to set for master nodes, passed to master\_ipv4\_cidr\_block - /28 required by Google. | `any` | n/a | yes |
| <a name="input_maximum_node_count"></a> [maximum\_node\_count](#input\_maximum\_node\_count) | Maximum nodes for the node pool. This is the total nodes so for regional deployments it is the total nodes across all zones. | `string` | n/a | yes |
| <a name="input_min_master_version"></a> [min\_master\_version](#input\_min\_master\_version) | The min\_master\_version attribute to pass to the google\_container\_cluster resource. | `string` | n/a | yes |
| <a name="input_minimum_node_count"></a> [minimum\_node\_count](#input\_minimum\_node\_count) | Minimum nodes for the node pool. This is the total nodes so for regional deployments it is the total nodes across all zones. | `string` | n/a | yes |
| <a name="input_node_count"></a> [node\_count](#input\_node\_count) | The number of nodes per instance group. This field can be used to update the number of nodes per instance group but should not be used alongside autoscaling. Node count management in this module needs to be refactored. See https://linear.app/honestbank/issue/DEVOP-819/incorrect-node-pool-size-management-in-terraform-gcp-gke. | `number` | n/a | yes |
| <a name="input_pods_ip_range_cidr"></a> [pods\_ip\_range\_cidr](#input\_pods\_ip\_range\_cidr) | CIDR of the secondary IP range used for Kubernetes Pods. | `string` | n/a | yes |
| <a name="input_pods_ip_range_name"></a> [pods\_ip\_range\_name](#input\_pods\_ip\_range\_name) | Name of the secondary IP range used for Kubernetes Pods. | `string` | n/a | yes |
| <a name="input_release_channel"></a> [release\_channel](#input\_release\_channel) | (Beta) The release channel of this cluster. Accepted values are `UNSPECIFIED`, `RAPID`, `REGULAR` and `STABLE`. Defaults to `REGULAR`. | `string` | `"RAPID"` | no |
| <a name="input_services_ip_range_cidr"></a> [services\_ip\_range\_cidr](#input\_services\_ip\_range\_cidr) | CIDR of the secondary IP range used for Kubernetes Services. | `string` | n/a | yes |
| <a name="input_services_ip_range_name"></a> [services\_ip\_range\_name](#input\_services\_ip\_range\_name) | Name of the secondary IP range used for Kubernetes Services. | `string` | n/a | yes |
| <a name="input_shared_vpc_host_google_credentials"></a> [shared\_vpc\_host\_google\_credentials](#input\_shared\_vpc\_host\_google\_credentials) | Service Account with access to shared\_vpc\_host\_google\_project networks | `any` | n/a | yes |
| <a name="input_shared_vpc_host_google_project"></a> [shared\_vpc\_host\_google\_project](#input\_shared\_vpc\_host\_google\_project) | The GCP project that hosts the shared VPC to place resources into | `any` | n/a | yes |
| <a name="input_shared_vpc_id"></a> [shared\_vpc\_id](#input\_shared\_vpc\_id) | The id of the shared VPC. | `string` | n/a | yes |
| <a name="input_shared_vpc_self_link"></a> [shared\_vpc\_self\_link](#input\_shared\_vpc\_self\_link) | self\_link of the shared VPC to place the GKE cluster in. | `string` | n/a | yes |
| <a name="input_stage"></a> [stage](#input\_stage) | Stage: [test, dev, prod...] used as prefix for all resources. | `string` | `"test"` | no |
| <a name="input_subnetwork_self_link"></a> [subnetwork\_self\_link](#input\_subnetwork\_self\_link) | self\_link of the google\_compute\_subnetwork to place the GKE cluster in. | `string` | n/a | yes |

## Outputs

| Name | Description |
|------|-------------|
| <a name="output_ca_certificate"></a> [ca\_certificate](#output\_ca\_certificate) | n/a |
| <a name="output_client_token"></a> [client\_token](#output\_client\_token) | n/a |
| <a name="output_cluster_name"></a> [cluster\_name](#output\_cluster\_name) | The GKE cluster name that was built |
| <a name="output_cluster_project"></a> [cluster\_project](#output\_cluster\_project) | The project hosting the GKE cluster. |
| <a name="output_gke_cluster_istio_gatekeeper_firewall_rule_self_link"></a> [gke\_cluster\_istio\_gatekeeper\_firewall\_rule\_self\_link](#output\_gke\_cluster\_istio\_gatekeeper\_firewall\_rule\_self\_link) | The tags applied to the primary node pool of the GKE cluster. |
| <a name="output_gke_cluster_primary_node_pool_tag"></a> [gke\_cluster\_primary\_node\_pool\_tag](#output\_gke\_cluster\_primary\_node\_pool\_tag) | Tag applied to the node pool instances - used for network/firewall rules. |
| <a name="output_gke_kubernetes_master_version"></a> [gke\_kubernetes\_master\_version](#output\_gke\_kubernetes\_master\_version) | The Kubernetes version installed on the master nodes. |
| <a name="output_gke_kubernetes_node_version"></a> [gke\_kubernetes\_node\_version](#output\_gke\_kubernetes\_node\_version) | The Kubernetes version installed on the worker nodes. |
| <a name="output_gke_rapid_channel_latest_version"></a> [gke\_rapid\_channel\_latest\_version](#output\_gke\_rapid\_channel\_latest\_version) | The latest version from the RAPID channel with the specified version prefix (min\_master\_version). |
| <a name="output_kubernetes_endpoint"></a> [kubernetes\_endpoint](#output\_kubernetes\_endpoint) | n/a |
| <a name="output_service_account"></a> [service\_account](#output\_service\_account) | The default service account used for running nodes. |
<!-- END_TF_DOCS -->

Commit message:

feat(network)!: Support network customization (#68)
BREAKING CHANGE:

This adds required variables that allows control of various network options. This is in preparation for removal of network infrastructure from this repo.

README.md, after:

# Terraform Modules for GCP GKE

![terratest](https://github.com/Honestbank/terraform-gcp-gke/workflows/terratest/badge.svg?branch=main)
![Terraform GitHub Actions](https://github.com/Honestbank/terraform-gcp-gke/workflows/Terraform%20GitHub%20Actions/badge.svg)

This script/module creates a basic public GKE cluster located in a shared VPC.

## Inputs

* `google_region` - region in which to create resources.
* `zones` - zones to place compute resources in (defaults to `["asia-southeast2-a", "asia-southeast2-b", "asia-southeast2-c"]`).
* `google_project` - project in which to place compute resources (defaults to `test-api-cloud-infrastructure`).
* `google_credentials` - service account with ability to create resources in `google_project`.
* `shared_vpc_host_google_project` - host project of the shared VPC (defaults to `test-api-shared-vpc`).
* `shared_vpc_host_google_credentials` - service account with ability to read/get networks from
  `shared_vpc_host_google_project`
* `stage` - prefix for all resources (defaults to `test`).
* `cluster_purpose` - placed into the cluster's name (defaults to `tf-gke-template`).
* `cluster_number` - a count index suffix for compute resources (defaults to `00`).

**TODO:** Add remaining variables

To run locally,export the following variables:

```bash
export TF_VAR_google_region="asia-southeast2"
export TF_VAR_google_project=
export TF_VAR_google_credentials=
export TF_VAR_shared_vpc_host_google_project=
export TF_VAR_shared_vpc_host_google_credentials=
```

## GCP Project Setup

When preparing a GCP project for a Terraform GKE deployment, ensure the
following APIs/services are enabled:

* GKE
* Cloud Resource Manager
* Compute Engine
* Service Networking

### Networking

This script requires a shared VPC, and assumes that the main project specified by
`google_project` is a 'service project' that is attached to a shared VPC originating
in `shared_vpc_host_google_project`.

Ensure that the secondary IP ranges for Pods and Services in the shared VPC are not used by another
cluster, otherwise this script will time out/fail.

**Network and Subnet Names**

Some assumptions are made regarding the name of the shared VPC network, subnet, and
IP ranges for Pods and Services:

* Shared VPC network name = `<STAGE>-private-vpc` (eg. `test-private-vpc`)
* Shared VPC subnet name = `<STAGE>-private-vpc-subnet` (eg. `test-private-vpc-subnet`)
* Shared VPC subnet Pods IP range name = `<STAGE>-private-vpc-pods` (eg. `test-private-vpc-pods`)
* Shared VPC subnet Services IP range name = `<STAGE>-private-vpc-services` (eg. `test-private-vpc-services`)

### Service Account

The Service Account specified in `google_credentials` requires:

* Role: Project Owner (in main project) - The Service Account used for Terraform operations needs
the Owner role in the project. It might be possible to use the Editor role but
currently using the Editor role returns a 403 error when IAM logWriter Role
permissions are being assigned. Further troubleshooting is needed.

The `shared_vpc_host_google_credentials` Service Account requires the permissions listed below.
It is recommended to create a custom role named `Terraform Shared VPC Role` with ID
`terraform_shared_vpc_host_role` for convenient management:

* `resourcemanager.projects.get`
* `resourcemanager.projects.getIamPolicy`
* `resourcemanager.projects.setIamPolicy`

## Cluster Infrastructure

### Tracing/Telemetry

A Jaeger instance is deployed to the `observability` namespace with an endpoint
accessible at `telemetry-jaeger-operator-jaeger-agent.observability.svc.cluster.local`
with ports `5775/UDP,5778/TCP,6831/UDP,6832/UDP`.

<!-- BEGIN_TF_DOCS -->
## Requirements

| Name | Version |
|------|---------|
| <a name="requirement_terraform"></a> [terraform](#requirement\_terraform) | ~> 1.0 |

## Providers

| Name | Version |
|------|---------|
| <a name="provider_random"></a> [random](#provider\_random) | 3.1.0 |

## Modules

| Name | Source | Version |
|------|--------|---------|
| <a name="module_gke"></a> [gke](#module\_gke) | ./gcp-gke | n/a |

## Resources

| Name | Type |
|------|------|
| [random_id.run_id](https://registry.terraform.io/providers/hashicorp/random/latest/docs/resources/id) | resource |

## Inputs

| Name | Description | Type | Default | Required |
|------|-------------|------|---------|:--------:|
| <a name="input_create_gcp_nat"></a> [create\_gcp\_nat](#input\_create\_gcp\_nat) | Set to `true` to create an Internet NAT for ALL\_SUBNETWORKS\_ALL\_IP\_RANGES in the VPC network. | `bool` | n/a | yes |
| <a name="input_create_gcp_router"></a> [create\_gcp\_router](#input\_create\_gcp\_router) | Set to `true` to create a router in the VPC network. | `bool` | n/a | yes |
| <a name="input_create_public_https_firewall_rule"></a> [create\_public\_https\_firewall\_rule](#input\_create\_public\_https\_firewall\_rule) | Set to `true` to create a firewall rule allowing 0.0.0.0/0:443 on TCP to all worker nodes. | `bool` | n/a | yes |
| <a name="input_enable_network_policy"></a> [enable\_network\_policy](#input\_enable\_network\_policy) | This value is passed to network\_policy.enabled and the negative is passed to addons\_config.network\_policy\_config.disabled. This might conflict with Workload Identity - make sure to read https://cloud.google.com/kubernetes-engine/docs/how-to/network-policy#limitations_and_requirements. | `bool` | n/a | yes |
| <a name="input_gke_authenticator_groups_config_domain"></a> [gke\_authenticator\_groups\_config\_domain](#input\_gke\_authenticator\_groups\_config\_domain) | Domain to append to `gke-security-groups` to pass to authenticator\_groups\_config so members of that Google Group can authenticate to the cluster. Pass an empty string to disable. Domain passed here should be in the format of TLD.EXTENSION. | `string` | n/a | yes |
| <a name="input_google_credentials"></a> [google\_credentials](#input\_google\_credentials) | Contents of a JSON keyfile of an account with write access to the project | `any` | n/a | yes |
| <a name="input_google_project"></a> [google\_project](#input\_google\_project) | The GCP project to use for this run | `any` | n/a | yes |
| <a name="input_google_region"></a> [google\_region](#input\_google\_region) | GCP region used to create all resources in this run | `any` | n/a | yes |
| <a name="input_initial_node_count"></a> [initial\_node\_count](#input\_initial\_node\_count) | Initial node count, per-zone for regional clusters. | `any` | n/a | yes |
| <a name="input_machine_type"></a> [machine\_type](#input\_machine\_type) | Machine types to use for the node pool. | `string` | n/a | yes |
| <a name="input_master_authorized_networks_config_cidr_block"></a> [master\_authorized\_networks\_config\_cidr\_block](#input\_master\_authorized\_networks\_config\_cidr\_block) | The IP range allowed to access the control plane, passed to the master\_authorized\_network\_config.cidr\_blocks.cidr\_block field. | `any` | n/a | yes |
| <a name="input_master_ipv4_cidr_block"></a> [master\_ipv4\_cidr\_block](#input\_master\_ipv4\_cidr\_block) | The IP range to set for master nodes, passed to master\_ipv4\_cidr\_block - /28 required by Google. | `any` | n/a | yes |
| <a name="input_maximum_node_count"></a> [maximum\_node\_count](#input\_maximum\_node\_count) | Maximum nodes for the node pool. This is the total nodes so for regional deployments it is the total nodes across all zones. | `string` | n/a | yes |
| <a name="input_min_master_version"></a> [min\_master\_version](#input\_min\_master\_version) | The min\_master\_version attribute to pass to the google\_container\_cluster resource. | `string` | n/a | yes |
| <a name="input_minimum_node_count"></a> [minimum\_node\_count](#input\_minimum\_node\_count) | Minimum nodes for the node pool. This is the total nodes so for regional deployments it is the total nodes across all zones. | `string` | n/a | yes |
| <a name="input_node_count"></a> [node\_count](#input\_node\_count) | The number of nodes per instance group. This field can be used to update the number of nodes per instance group but should not be used alongside autoscaling. Node count management in this module needs to be refactored. See https://linear.app/honestbank/issue/DEVOP-819/incorrect-node-pool-size-management-in-terraform-gcp-gke. | `number` | n/a | yes |
| <a name="input_pods_ip_range_cidr"></a> [pods\_ip\_range\_cidr](#input\_pods\_ip\_range\_cidr) | CIDR of the secondary IP range used for Kubernetes Pods. | `string` | n/a | yes |
| <a name="input_pods_ip_range_name"></a> [pods\_ip\_range\_name](#input\_pods\_ip\_range\_name) | Name of the secondary IP range used for Kubernetes Pods. | `string` | n/a | yes |
| <a name="input_release_channel"></a> [release\_channel](#input\_release\_channel) | (Beta) The release channel of this cluster. Accepted values are `UNSPECIFIED`, `RAPID`, `REGULAR` and `STABLE`. Defaults to `REGULAR`. | `string` | `"RAPID"` | no |
| <a name="input_services_ip_range_cidr"></a> [services\_ip\_range\_cidr](#input\_services\_ip\_range\_cidr) | CIDR of the secondary IP range used for Kubernetes Services. | `string` | n/a | yes |
| <a name="input_services_ip_range_name"></a> [services\_ip\_range\_name](#input\_services\_ip\_range\_name) | Name of the secondary IP range used for Kubernetes Services. | `string` | n/a | yes |
| <a name="input_shared_vpc_host_google_credentials"></a> [shared\_vpc\_host\_google\_credentials](#input\_shared\_vpc\_host\_google\_credentials) | Service Account with access to shared\_vpc\_host\_google\_project networks | `any` | n/a | yes |
| <a name="input_shared_vpc_host_google_project"></a> [shared\_vpc\_host\_google\_project](#input\_shared\_vpc\_host\_google\_project) | The GCP project that hosts the shared VPC to place resources into | `any` | n/a | yes |
| <a name="input_shared_vpc_id"></a> [shared\_vpc\_id](#input\_shared\_vpc\_id) | The id of the shared VPC. | `string` | n/a | yes |
| <a name="input_shared_vpc_self_link"></a> [shared\_vpc\_self\_link](#input\_shared\_vpc\_self\_link) | self\_link of the shared VPC to place the GKE cluster in. | `string` | n/a | yes |
| <a name="input_stage"></a> [stage](#input\_stage) | Stage: [test, dev, prod...] used as prefix for all resources. | `string` | `"test"` | no |
| <a name="input_subnetwork_self_link"></a> [subnetwork\_self\_link](#input\_subnetwork\_self\_link) | self\_link of the google\_compute\_subnetwork to place the GKE cluster in. | `string` | n/a | yes |

## Outputs

| Name | Description |
|------|-------------|
| <a name="output_ca_certificate"></a> [ca\_certificate](#output\_ca\_certificate) | n/a |
| <a name="output_client_token"></a> [client\_token](#output\_client\_token) | n/a |
| <a name="output_cluster_name"></a> [cluster\_name](#output\_cluster\_name) | The GKE cluster name that was built |
| <a name="output_cluster_project"></a> [cluster\_project](#output\_cluster\_project) | The project hosting the GKE cluster. |
| <a name="output_gke_cluster_istio_gatekeeper_firewall_rule_self_link"></a> [gke\_cluster\_istio\_gatekeeper\_firewall\_rule\_self\_link](#output\_gke\_cluster\_istio\_gatekeeper\_firewall\_rule\_self\_link) | The tags applied to the primary node pool of the GKE cluster. |
| <a name="output_gke_cluster_primary_node_pool_tag"></a> [gke\_cluster\_primary\_node\_pool\_tag](#output\_gke\_cluster\_primary\_node\_pool\_tag) | Tag applied to the node pool instances - used for network/firewall rules. |
| <a name="output_gke_kubernetes_master_version"></a> [gke\_kubernetes\_master\_version](#output\_gke\_kubernetes\_master\_version) | The Kubernetes version installed on the master nodes. |
| <a name="output_gke_kubernetes_node_version"></a> [gke\_kubernetes\_node\_version](#output\_gke\_kubernetes\_node\_version) | The Kubernetes version installed on the worker nodes. |
| <a name="output_gke_rapid_channel_latest_version"></a> [gke\_rapid\_channel\_latest\_version](#output\_gke\_rapid\_channel\_latest\_version) | The latest version from the RAPID channel with the specified version prefix (min\_master\_version). |
| <a name="output_kubernetes_endpoint"></a> [kubernetes\_endpoint](#output\_kubernetes\_endpoint) | n/a |
| <a name="output_service_account"></a> [service\_account](#output\_service\_account) | The default service account used for running nodes. |
<!-- END_TF_DOCS -->
