gcp-gke/README.md, before:

# Terraform Local-Backend Module for GCP (Google Cloud Platform) GKE (Google Kubernetes Engine) Build

Since Terratest doesn't yet support specifying a backend config file via command-line arguments,
this internal/external module structure is required to enable E2E testing using Terratest.

See our [How to structure a Terraform module Notion page](https://www.notion.so/honestbank/How-to-structure-a-Terraform-module-31374a1594f84ef7b185ef4e06b36619)
for more details on Terraform module structuring.

This folder can be init'ed and applied using Terraform to test functionality.

To run E2E tests, navigate to the [test folder](../test) and run `go test -v -timeout 30m`.

<!-- BEGIN_TF_DOCS -->
## Requirements

| Name | Version |
|------|---------|
| <a name="requirement_terraform"></a> [terraform](#requirement\_terraform) | ~> 1.0 |
| <a name="requirement_google"></a> [google](#requirement\_google) | ~> 4.0 |
| <a name="requirement_google-beta"></a> [google-beta](#requirement\_google-beta) | ~> 4.0 |
| <a name="requirement_random"></a> [random](#requirement\_random) | ~> 3.0 |

## Providers

| Name | Version |
|------|---------|
| <a name="provider_google"></a> [google](#provider\_google) | 4.9.0 |
| <a name="provider_google.compute"></a> [google.compute](#provider\_google.compute) | 4.9.0 |
| <a name="provider_google.vpc"></a> [google.vpc](#provider\_google.vpc) | 4.9.0 |
| <a name="provider_google-beta.compute-beta"></a> [google-beta.compute-beta](#provider\_google-beta.compute-beta) | 4.9.0 |
| <a name="provider_random"></a> [random](#provider\_random) | 3.1.0 |

## Modules

No modules.

## Resources

| Name | Type |
|------|------|
| [google-beta_google_container_cluster.primary](https://registry.terraform.io/providers/hashicorp/google-beta/latest/docs/resources/google_container_cluster) | resource |
| [google-beta_google_container_node_pool.primary_node_pool](https://registry.terraform.io/providers/hashicorp/google-beta/latest/docs/resources/google_container_node_pool) | resource |
| [google_compute_firewall.gke_private_cluster_istio_gatekeeper_rules](https://registry.terraform.io/providers/hashicorp/google/latest/docs/resources/compute_firewall) | resource |
| [google_compute_router.router](https://registry.terraform.io/providers/hashicorp/google/latest/docs/resources/compute_router) | resource |
| [google_compute_router_nat.nat](https://registry.terraform.io/providers/hashicorp/google/latest/docs/resources/compute_router_nat) | resource |
| [google_service_account.default](https://registry.terraform.io/providers/hashicorp/google/latest/docs/resources/service_account) | resource |
| [random_id.node_pool_tag](https://registry.terraform.io/providers/hashicorp/random/latest/docs/resources/id) | resource |
| [google-beta_google_client_config.default](https://registry.terraform.io/providers/hashicorp/google-beta/latest/docs/data-sources/google_client_config) | data source |
| [google-beta_google_container_cluster.current_cluster](https://registry.terraform.io/providers/hashicorp/google-beta/latest/docs/data-sources/google_container_cluster) | data source |
| [google-beta_google_container_engine_versions.asiasoutheast2](https://registry.terraform.io/providers/hashicorp/google-beta/latest/docs/data-sources/google_container_engine_versions) | data source |
| [google_container_cluster.primary](https://registry.terraform.io/providers/hashicorp/google/latest/docs/data-sources/container_cluster) | data source |
| [google_project.host_project](https://registry.terraform.io/providers/hashicorp/google/latest/docs/data-sources/project) | data source |
| [google_project.service_project](https://registry.terraform.io/providers/hashicorp/google/latest/docs/data-sources/project) | data source |

## Inputs

| Name | Description | Type | Default | Required |
|------|-------------|------|---------|:--------:|
| <a name="input_cluster_name"></a> [cluster\_name](#input\_cluster\_name) | The name to set on the GKE cluster. | `string` | n/a | yes |
| <a name="input_enable_network_policy"></a> [enable\_network\_policy](#input\_enable\_network\_policy) | This value is passed to network\_policy.enabled and the negative is passed to addons\_config.network\_policy\_config.disabled. | `bool` | n/a | yes |
| <a name="input_gke_authenticator_groups_config_domain"></a> [gke\_authenticator\_groups\_config\_domain](#input\_gke\_authenticator\_groups\_config\_domain) | Domain to append to `gke-security-groups` to pass to authenticator\_groups\_config so members of that Google Group can authenticate to the cluster. Pass an empty string to disable. Domain passed here should be in the format of TLD.EXTENSION. | `string` | n/a | yes |
| <a name="input_google_project"></a> [google\_project](#input\_google\_project) | The GCP project to use for this run | `any` | n/a | yes |
| <a name="input_google_region"></a> [google\_region](#input\_google\_region) | GCP region used to create all resources in this run | `any` | n/a | yes |
| <a name="input_initial_node_count"></a> [initial\_node\_count](#input\_initial\_node\_count) | Initial node count, per-zone for regional clusters. | `any` | n/a | yes |
| <a name="input_machine_type"></a> [machine\_type](#input\_machine\_type) | Machine types to use for the node pool. | `any` | n/a | yes |
| <a name="input_master_authorized_networks_config_cidr_block"></a> [master\_authorized\_networks\_config\_cidr\_block](#input\_master\_authorized\_networks\_config\_cidr\_block) | The IP range allowed to access the control plane, passed to the master\_authorized\_network\_config.cidr\_blocks.cidr\_block field. | `any` | n/a | yes |
| <a name="input_master_ipv4_cidr_block"></a> [master\_ipv4\_cidr\_block](#input\_master\_ipv4\_cidr\_block) | The IP range to set for master nodes, passed to master\_ipv4\_cidr\_block - /28 required by Google. | `any` | n/a | yes |
| <a name="input_maximum_node_count"></a> [maximum\_node\_count](#input\_maximum\_node\_count) | Maximum nodes for the node pool per-zone. | `any` | n/a | yes |
| <a name="input_min_master_version"></a> [min\_master\_version](#input\_min\_master\_version) | The min\_master\_version attribute to pass to the google\_container\_cluster resource. | `any` | n/a | yes |
| <a name="input_minimum_node_count"></a> [minimum\_node\_count](#input\_minimum\_node\_count) | Minimum nodes for the node pool per-zone. | `any` | n/a | yes |
| <a name="input_pods_ip_range_name"></a> [pods\_ip\_range\_name](#input\_pods\_ip\_range\_name) | Name of the secondary IP range used for Kubernetes Pods. | `string` | n/a | yes |
| <a name="input_release_channel"></a> [release\_channel](#input\_release\_channel) | (Beta) The release channel of this cluster. Accepted values are `UNSPECIFIED`, `RAPID`, `REGULAR` and `STABLE`. Defaults to `REGULAR`. | `string` | `"RAPID"` | no |
| <a name="input_services_ip_range_name"></a> [services\_ip\_range\_name](#input\_services\_ip\_range\_name) | Name of the secondary IP range used for Kubernetes Services. | `string` | n/a | yes |
| <a name="input_shared_vpc_host_google_project"></a> [shared\_vpc\_host\_google\_project](#input\_shared\_vpc\_host\_google\_project) | The GCP project that hosts the VPC to place the GKE cluster in - can be an in-project VPC or a shared VPC. In the case of a shared VPC, the Service Account used to run this module must have permissions to create a Router/NAT in the VPC host project. | `any` | n/a | yes |
| <a name="input_shared_vpc_id"></a> [shared\_vpc\_id](#input\_shared\_vpc\_id) | The id of the shared VPC. | `string` | n/a | yes |
| <a name="input_shared_vpc_self_link"></a> [shared\_vpc\_self\_link](#input\_shared\_vpc\_self\_link) | self\_link of the shared VPC to place the GKE cluster in. | `string` | n/a | yes |
| <a name="input_stage"></a> [stage](#input\_stage) | Stage: [test, dev, prod...] used as prefix for all resources. | `string` | `"test"` | no |
| <a name="input_subnetwork_self_link"></a> [subnetwork\_self\_link](#input\_subnetwork\_self\_link) | self\_link of the google\_compute\_subnetwork to place the GKE cluster in. | `string` | n/a | yes |

## Outputs

| Name | Description |
|------|-------------|
| <a name="output_ca_certificate"></a> [ca\_certificate](#output\_ca\_certificate) | n/a |
| <a name="output_client_token"></a> [client\_token](#output\_client\_token) | n/a |
| <a name="output_cluster_name"></a> [cluster\_name](#output\_cluster\_name) | The GKE cluster name that was built |
| <a name="output_cluster_primary_node_pool_tag"></a> [cluster\_primary\_node\_pool\_tag](#output\_cluster\_primary\_node\_pool\_tag) | Tag applied to the node pool instances - used for network/firewall rules. |
| <a name="output_cluster_project"></a> [cluster\_project](#output\_cluster\_project) | The project hosting the GKE cluster. |
| <a name="output_gke_kubernetes_master_version"></a> [gke\_kubernetes\_master\_version](#output\_gke\_kubernetes\_master\_version) | The Kubernetes version installed on the master nodes. |
| <a name="output_gke_kubernetes_node_version"></a> [gke\_kubernetes\_node\_version](#output\_gke\_kubernetes\_node\_version) | The Kubernetes version installed on the worker nodes. |
| <a name="output_istio_gatekeeper_firewall_rule_self_link"></a> [istio\_gatekeeper\_firewall\_rule\_self\_link](#output\_istio\_gatekeeper\_firewall\_rule\_self\_link) | The self\_link attribute of the firewall rule created to allow Gatekeeper and Istio to function. |
| <a name="output_kubernetes_endpoint"></a> [kubernetes\_endpoint](#output\_kubernetes\_endpoint) | The kubernetes\_endpoint output of the google\_container\_cluster resource. |
| <a name="output_node_pool_service_account_email"></a> [node\_pool\_service\_account\_email](#output\_node\_pool\_service\_account\_email) | The default service account used for running nodes |
| <a name="output_rapid_channel_latest_version"></a> [rapid\_channel\_latest\_version](#output\_rapid\_channel\_latest\_version) | The latest version from the RAPID channel with the specified version prefix (min\_master\_version). |
<!-- END_TF_DOCS -->

Commit message:

feat: Add node_count variable

gcp-gke/README.md, after:

# Terraform Local-Backend Module for GCP (Google Cloud Platform) GKE (Google Kubernetes Engine) Build

Since Terratest doesn't yet support specifying a backend config file via command-line arguments,
this internal/external module structure is required to enable E2E testing using Terratest.

See our [How to structure a Terraform module Notion page](https://www.notion.so/honestbank/How-to-structure-a-Terraform-module-31374a1594f84ef7b185ef4e06b36619)
for more details on Terraform module structuring.

This folder can be init'ed and applied using Terraform to test functionality.

To run E2E tests, navigate to the [test folder](../test) and run `go test -v -timeout 30m`.

<!-- BEGIN_TF_DOCS -->
## Requirements

| Name | Version |
|------|---------|
| <a name="requirement_terraform"></a> [terraform](#requirement\_terraform) | ~> 1.0 |
| <a name="requirement_google"></a> [google](#requirement\_google) | ~> 4.0 |
| <a name="requirement_google-beta"></a> [google-beta](#requirement\_google-beta) | ~> 4.0 |
| <a name="requirement_random"></a> [random](#requirement\_random) | ~> 3.0 |

## Providers

| Name | Version |
|------|---------|
| <a name="provider_google"></a> [google](#provider\_google) | 4.9.0 |
| <a name="provider_google.compute"></a> [google.compute](#provider\_google.compute) | 4.9.0 |
| <a name="provider_google.vpc"></a> [google.vpc](#provider\_google.vpc) | 4.9.0 |
| <a name="provider_google-beta.compute-beta"></a> [google-beta.compute-beta](#provider\_google-beta.compute-beta) | 4.9.0 |
| <a name="provider_random"></a> [random](#provider\_random) | 3.1.0 |

## Modules

No modules.

## Resources

| Name | Type |
|------|------|
| [google-beta_google_container_cluster.primary](https://registry.terraform.io/providers/hashicorp/google-beta/latest/docs/resources/google_container_cluster) | resource |
| [google-beta_google_container_node_pool.primary_node_pool](https://registry.terraform.io/providers/hashicorp/google-beta/latest/docs/resources/google_container_node_pool) | resource |
| [google_compute_firewall.gke_private_cluster_istio_gatekeeper_rules](https://registry.terraform.io/providers/hashicorp/google/latest/docs/resources/compute_firewall) | resource |
| [google_compute_router.router](https://registry.terraform.io/providers/hashicorp/google/latest/docs/resources/compute_router) | resource |
| [google_compute_router_nat.nat](https://registry.terraform.io/providers/hashicorp/google/latest/docs/resources/compute_router_nat) | resource |
| [google_service_account.default](https://registry.terraform.io/providers/hashicorp/google/latest/docs/resources/service_account) | resource |
| [random_id.node_pool_tag](https://registry.terraform.io/providers/hashicorp/random/latest/docs/resources/id) | resource |
| [google-beta_google_client_config.default](https://registry.terraform.io/providers/hashicorp/google-beta/latest/docs/data-sources/google_client_config) | data source |
| [google-beta_google_container_cluster.current_cluster](https://registry.terraform.io/providers/hashicorp/google-beta/latest/docs/data-sources/google_container_cluster) | data source |
| [google-beta_google_container_engine_versions.asiasoutheast2](https://registry.terraform.io/providers/hashicorp/google-beta/latest/docs/data-sources/google_container_engine_versions) | data source |
| [google_container_cluster.primary](https://registry.terraform.io/providers/hashicorp/google/latest/docs/data-sources/container_cluster) | data source |
| [google_project.host_project](https://registry.terraform.io/providers/hashicorp/google/latest/docs/data-sources/project) | data source |
| [google_project.service_project](https://registry.terraform.io/providers/hashicorp/google/latest/docs/data-sources/project) | data source |

## Inputs

| Name | Description | Type | Default | Required |
|------|-------------|------|---------|:--------:|
| <a name="input_cluster_name"></a> [cluster\_name](#input\_cluster\_name) | The name to set on the GKE cluster. | `string` | n/a | yes |
| <a name="input_enable_network_policy"></a> [enable\_network\_policy](#input\_enable\_network\_policy) | This value is passed to network\_policy.enabled and the negative is passed to addons\_config.network\_policy\_config.disabled. | `bool` | n/a | yes |
| <a name="input_gke_authenticator_groups_config_domain"></a> [gke\_authenticator\_groups\_config\_domain](#input\_gke\_authenticator\_groups\_config\_domain) | Domain to append to `gke-security-groups` to pass to authenticator\_groups\_config so members of that Google Group can authenticate to the cluster. Pass an empty string to disable. Domain passed here should be in the format of TLD.EXTENSION. | `string` | n/a | yes |
| <a name="input_google_project"></a> [google\_project](#input\_google\_project) | The GCP project to use for this run | `any` | n/a | yes |
| <a name="input_google_region"></a> [google\_region](#input\_google\_region) | GCP region used to create all resources in this run | `any` | n/a | yes |
| <a name="input_initial_node_count"></a> [initial\_node\_count](#input\_initial\_node\_count) | Initial node count, per-zone for regional clusters. | `any` | n/a | yes |
| <a name="input_machine_type"></a> [machine\_type](#input\_machine\_type) | Machine types to use for the node pool. | `any` | n/a | yes |
| <a name="input_master_authorized_networks_config_cidr_block"></a> [master\_authorized\_networks\_config\_cidr\_block](#input\_master\_authorized\_networks\_config\_cidr\_block) | The IP range allowed to access the control plane, passed to the master\_authorized\_network\_config.cidr\_blocks.cidr\_block field. | `any` | n/a | yes |
| <a name="input_master_ipv4_cidr_block"></a> [master\_ipv4\_cidr\_block](#input\_master\_ipv4\_cidr\_block) | The IP range to set for master nodes, passed to master\_ipv4\_cidr\_block - /28 required by Google. | `any` | n/a | yes |
| <a name="input_maximum_node_count"></a> [maximum\_node\_count](#input\_maximum\_node\_count) | Maximum nodes for the node pool per-zone. | `any` | n/a | yes |
| <a name="input_min_master_version"></a> [min\_master\_version](#input\_min\_master\_version) | The min\_master\_version attribute to pass to the google\_container\_cluster resource. | `any` | n/a | yes |
| <a name="input_minimum_node_count"></a> [minimum\_node\_count](#input\_minimum\_node\_count) | Minimum nodes for the node pool per-zone. | `any` | n/a | yes |
| <a name="input_node_count"></a> [node\_count](#input\_node\_count) | The number of nodes per instance group. This field can be used to update the number of nodes per instance group but should not be used alongside autoscaling. Node count management in this module needs to be refactored. | `any` | n/a | yes |
| <a name="input_pods_ip_range_name"></a> [pods\_ip\_range\_name](#input\_pods\_ip\_range\_name) | Name of the secondary IP range used for Kubernetes Pods. | `string` | n/a | yes |
| <a name="input_release_channel"></a> [release\_channel](#input\_release\_channel) | (Beta) The release channel of this cluster. Accepted values are `UNSPECIFIED`, `RAPID`, `REGULAR` and `STABLE`. Defaults to `REGULAR`. | `string` | `"RAPID"` | no |
| <a name="input_services_ip_range_name"></a> [services\_ip\_range\_name](#input\_services\_ip\_range\_name) | Name of the secondary IP range used for Kubernetes Services. | `string` | n/a | yes |
| <a name="input_shared_vpc_host_google_project"></a> [shared\_vpc\_host\_google\_project](#input\_shared\_vpc\_host\_google\_project) | The GCP project that hosts the VPC to place the GKE cluster in - can be an in-project VPC or a shared VPC. In the case of a shared VPC, the Service Account used to run this module must have permissions to create a Router/NAT in the VPC host project. | `any` | n/a | yes |
| <a name="input_shared_vpc_id"></a> [shared\_vpc\_id](#input\_shared\_vpc\_id) | The id of the shared VPC. | `string` | n/a | yes |
| <a name="input_shared_vpc_self_link"></a> [shared\_vpc\_self\_link](#input\_shared\_vpc\_self\_link) | self\_link of the shared VPC to place the GKE cluster in. | `string` | n/a | yes |
| <a name="input_stage"></a> [stage](#input\_stage) | Stage: [test, dev, prod...] used as prefix for all resources. | `string` | `"test"` | no |
| <a name="input_subnetwork_self_link"></a> [subnetwork\_self\_link](#input\_subnetwork\_self\_link) | self\_link of the google\_compute\_subnetwork to place the GKE cluster in. | `string` | n/a | yes |

## Outputs

| Name | Description |
|------|-------------|
| <a name="output_ca_certificate"></a> [ca\_certificate](#output\_ca\_certificate) | n/a |
| <a name="output_client_token"></a> [client\_token](#output\_client\_token) | n/a |
| <a name="output_cluster_name"></a> [cluster\_name](#output\_cluster\_name) | The GKE cluster name that was built |
| <a name="output_cluster_primary_node_pool_tag"></a> [cluster\_primary\_node\_pool\_tag](#output\_cluster\_primary\_node\_pool\_tag) | Tag applied to the node pool instances - used for network/firewall rules. |
| <a name="output_cluster_project"></a> [cluster\_project](#output\_cluster\_project) | The project hosting the GKE cluster. |
| <a name="output_gke_kubernetes_master_version"></a> [gke\_kubernetes\_master\_version](#output\_gke\_kubernetes\_master\_version) | The Kubernetes version installed on the master nodes. |
| <a name="output_gke_kubernetes_node_version"></a> [gke\_kubernetes\_node\_version](#output\_gke\_kubernetes\_node\_version) | The Kubernetes version installed on the worker nodes. |
| <a name="output_istio_gatekeeper_firewall_rule_self_link"></a> [istio\_gatekeeper\_firewall\_rule\_self\_link](#output\_istio\_gatekeeper\_firewall\_rule\_self\_link) | The self\_link attribute of the firewall rule created to allow Gatekeeper and Istio to function. |
| <a name="output_kubernetes_endpoint"></a> [kubernetes\_endpoint](#output\_kubernetes\_endpoint) | The kubernetes\_endpoint output of the google\_container\_cluster resource. |
| <a name="output_node_pool_service_account_email"></a> [node\_pool\_service\_account\_email](#output\_node\_pool\_service\_account\_email) | The default service account used for running nodes |
| <a name="output_rapid_channel_latest_version"></a> [rapid\_channel\_latest\_version](#output\_rapid\_channel\_latest\_version) | The latest version from the RAPID channel with the specified version prefix (min\_master\_version). |
<!-- END_TF_DOCS -->
